Hey, good morning, family. I'm excited to be with you all again today.
First off, I just want to tell you thank you for all the likes and all the subscribes; it is a blessing to us.
I believe I'm right at 74,000 people, and we got two people born again with this last video from what I know; they told us in an email.
I just want to tell you all thank you for all of the support you're giving us; it is a true blessing.
We're getting the gospel out, and it is reaching the lost throughout the whole world.
People commenting in the comment section helps us, and I just want to tell you thank you.
So, here we are at the end of October, and I told you all to be watching Gavin, and he decides to make a trip to China for five days to try to do some kind of ambassador thing for the Green New Deal.
Basically, the bottom line is he's campaigning. I'm telling you, I believe the man's going to announce he's going to be running for president, vice president, or whatever for the Democratic party.
I just believe there's something to this. I've seen him in a vision several times.
Maybe it won't be this time; maybe it will be this time. We will see, but I believe we will see something soon.
He was in China doing a lot of photo ops, and it looked like he was campaigning to me.
We'll see; watch Michelle, and if Michelle comes out and does something, I believe they will run together. Let's just keep watching.
I was praying about what I should talk to you all about today, and the Lord told me he wanted me to talk to you all about the angels again.
I said, 'Well, Lord, they've already heard that,'and he said, 'Brandon, how many times have you heard a word over and over again and you still don't get it?'He said faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
He said, 'Son, there's a lot of times you've heard sermons over and over again, some of my favorite ones, and you still don't have the full manifestation on it.'He said it's going to be repetitive when it becomes a rhema word for their life.
Rhema words—he said that's what it takes. Faith comes by hearing and hearing.
It didn't say you have to hear it just once; it comes by hearing the word of God over and over again.
So I want to say this to you all about today: the Lord said to me that in these last seconds of the last days, there is going to be divine manifestations of angelic encounters for protection, for visitations, and manifestations of the glory of God.
I'm going to tell you about one of these manifestations that we had as a family coming home from work one day.
My wife and I worked at the church for years, and I cleaned the rugs there. I cleaned the carpets, the floors, and everything.
It was a Saturday afternoon in the middle of the summer, really hot outside. My wife was pregnant at the time with our daughter.
We're driving home in my truck, and the gas gauge was broken, so you never knew how much gas you had; you'd just be guessing.
It was a long drive. I thought I had enough. We're driving home, and all of a sudden, the engine turns off.
My wife said, 'Oh honey, what's wrong?'I pulled over, and I was freaking out because it's hot outside and I had my pregnant wife in the car and my two children: my son, who's doing the filming right now, and my oldest daughter, who had special needs.
I said, 'Oh no, I believe we just ran out of gas.'I just started praying in the Holy Ghost, and I grabbed the wheel and said, 'God, we need a miracle right now,'because it was a long way to the gas station.
It was probably 105 degrees at least. In the truck, it was really hot.
I said, 'Lord, I don't want to get out of the truck to walk to the gas station several miles.'We're all just praying in the spirit.
All of a sudden, I feel a bang on the back of our tailgate. I thought somebody from the highway just had rear-ended us.
It was that much of a jolt. But it wasn't violent; it was just a nudge.
All of a sudden, I see this massive angel with these wings out, humongous, spread out over like this, and he smiles real big at me.
I screamed because it startled me. He was full of joy; his whole face was radiating from the glory of God.
I'm seeing it in the spirit, in the supernatural, through a vision.
He grabs ahold of our tailgate and starts pushing us down the highway.
All of a sudden, we start gaining speed, going faster and faster. I turned my blinker on and I entered onto the highway.
We're going about 65 miles an hour, then we start going to 70 with the engine off.
We start picking up speed and passing people in the left-hand lane with the angel pushing us.
We go two and a half miles all the way to where we exit off the highway.
We go down the ramp to a stoplight, completely stop, then turn right, go another quarter of a mile, and turn into the gas station.
The angel, right before we get to the pump, yanks on the back of the tailgate and stops us right in front of the pump.
We all just started screaming and worshiping. It was so overwhelming.
My wife and I, and my kids—my son could sense that the car was moving.
We all just started praising the Lord, and everybody else at the gas station was looking at us like, 'What are they yelling about?'But we were yelling because the windows were down and the truck was off, and we were praising the Lord.
God supernaturally sent an angel to protect my wife and children on the side of a highway.
He knew that it was dangerous for my pregnant wife and my other children to be there.
God came through, and he'll do the same for you. It's time to believe for the miraculous in your life.
Nothing's too big for God. He wants all things to be possible to him that will believe.
There are so many times that Jesus has come through supernaturally for us, and this is just one of the testimonies that stood out to me the most.
People always ask me, 'How do you hear the Lord the way you do?'I'm not anything special; I just pray and I obey. I'm hungry for his voice and his presence, and I seek him.
I really believe with all my heart this is what it comes down to: do something that you don't like doing and do it with all your heart.
Whether that's cleaning for the nursery or things of service towards a widow, like when I mow my grandmother's yard.
It isn't what your flesh wants to do in the middle of the summer, but I ride around her acre of land—she's 88 years old—as an act of love.
I've done that for 12 years now. I do it for free because I love her.
I realize whenever I get on that mower, or when she says, 'Son, can you help me pull the weeds in my flowerbed?'that I'm sacrificing my time.
I'll be out there mowing and the Lord starts talking, clear as crystal. He'll talk about investments.
People say, 'Oh, God doesn't talk about investments.'You don't know God.
I feel sorry for you because of how ignorant you are to who God really is.
When you volunteer at the church and do acts of service, it's a brokenness where he talks to you.
A wild horse is a beautiful animal, but it is not able to be used correctly until it's broken.
The more the horse is broken, the greater the service. Our lives are broken before the Lord.
He's the potter, we're the clay. I worked at the church for almost 15 years. I was a janitor every single day; I cleaned and cleaned.
There were times my flesh was screaming, 'I do not want to do this anymore!'and the Lord said, 'Do it again.'He would just tell me to keep going. Honor the pastor.
He said, 'No, not only do you not touch him with your mouth, but you don't touch him in your heart.'He said, 'The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land, Brandon.
You may be obedient, but you're not willing.'Years go by, and finally, I started enjoying my life there and ministering to the people around me.
I said, 'I'm not going to complain in my heart anymore.'It was a dying to self, continually practicing his presence, continually getting on the Potter's wheel and saying, 'Father, not my will but yours be done.'So I got on that Potter's wheel and I kept walking it out.
I'd go in there and they'd treat me like trash, and I'd say, 'I'm going to pray for them today.'People would get healed, delivered, and set free.
About six years later, the Lord came to me and said, 'You're done. You passed your test.
On this day, you're going to quit your job here.'God has been faithful, and out of that came this YouTube channel.
He wanted me to go through the refiner's fire, and that's how the voice of God was birthed out of me—through obedience in the small things.
This is a time for great manifestations. It isn't a time to shrink back and get discouraged about the wars and the craziness in this world.
It's time for us to show the love of God to people like never before.
It's time for us to be the salt of the earth. When times get hard, people are going to be looking for you.
You've got to keep yourself on the Potter's wheel in these last days and say, 'God, here I am, use me.
Send me into the nations, the city, and the workplace, and let my light shine so bright that the glory of God would be radiating out of my face like Moses.'I pray it all the time.
'Lord, use me. Here am I, Lord, send me.'I don't want to do these videos by myself; if the Holy Spirit is not in this video, I don't want to waste your time. It's all by the grace of God.
So I pray for you all, and I believe God that something supernaturally is going to happen for you today—for your unsaved loved ones to get born again, for your deliverance, and for all the healing that you need.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you. He came to set the captives free, and whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
Reach up right now and grab it by faith. I will lack no good thing, and I will live long and finish strong.
I will be a light in the darkness. Father, we just thank you in the name of Jesus for every person represented here today.
We call them healed and whole. I rebuke sickness and disease off of you in the name of Jesus.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, you are delivered from that infirmity, whether it be kidney disease, cancer, diabetes, or heart disease.
I call restoration of marriages and take authority over demonic spirits causing division.
I call wayward children to come home in Jesus'name. Angels of the Lord, go right now and bring our children home.
Satan, you will not touch our loved ones anymore. We are not beggars; we're believers.
He's not moved by your need; he's moved by your faith. My Father will supply all my needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
Thank you for all the kindness you showed to my family. God bless you guys.
We love you so much, and we'll see you next time. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.